[lint] - do not run linters on api-modules when only integration code was changed (#2758)
demisto/demisto-sdk: CHANGELOG.md

* Added XPANSE core packs validations.
* Added the `sectionorder` field to integration scheme.
* Fixed an issue where in some occasions running of test-playbooks could receive session timeouts.

> * Fixed an issue where linters would run also the *ApiModule* of the integration that uses it even if the *ApiModule* was not changed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed an issue where making a change in a module using an ApiModule would cause lint to run on the ApiModule unnecessarily. 
```
